# HTML-and-CSS-CA
I started of with making a header and placing the logo for my website on center of the header. Then i placed a menu font awesome on the left corner and a shopping bag font awesome on the right. Then I made a footer with copyright text and Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Snapchat fonts. Now I could use these frames every time I start on a new page. I think I made too many html pages and I tried to make fewest possible but felt like I had to make all of them. In my Figma design I have more pages than how many I coded. I tried to code every page the exact same as my design, but on some places unfortunately I wasn’t able to do so. For example on men- and “women-payment-page.html” I wasn’t able to put the textbox next to each other under “Billing details”. I placed the textbox two and two on a row on my Figma design, but had a tuff time pulling it thru with my coding. I think the reason why I made it difficult for myself is because of the use of margin everywhere. I used margin to place images, fonts, items, buttons etc. everywhere and when I came to the media query part I understood why I made a mistake. Media query took me couple of hours to do because of my positioning skills. Now I at least now until next time, I have to use for example flex and grid rather than using margin everywhere.

As you can see on my “men-products.html” I have made a horizontal scrollbar to show the jackets for men and for women on “women-products.html”. I didn’t know how to make a horizontal scrollbar and found out from a video that I will link to under below. Overall it was good to get a touch with coding and getting to know a few things.

Link to Figma Design:
https://www.figma.com/file/xcRQci3cXnUOiEWMYbVPS0/Rainy-days---Course-assignment?node-id=0%3A1&t=oUBGzsEpJmiQXpFt-1
